---
title: Lehigh Launches New QuickFit Collection
image: https://d1jdomzv2hp689.cloudfront.net/content/data/18_806.png
---
Lehigh Outfitters, a nationwide online retailer of work footwear for corporations, employees and individual consumers, has launched its new QuickFit collection encompassing free overnight delivery on two protective toe footwear styles for only $89.00 per pair*.

“The QuickFit collection is another step forward in Lehigh’s continuing effort to fill the gaps in our customer’s programs to procure durable and dependable footwear for their employees,” said Sarah Milligan, Vice President of Sales and Operations for Lehigh Outfitters. “Our CustomFit kiosks that launched in 2013 were a revolutionary approach to supplying workplace footwear. We had analyzed the current environment of how most companies were buying their safety shoes with the mission of improving efficiency, selection and savings. Now we’ve advanced that custom service even more by making these styles available for immediate delivery. This Lehigh exclusive collection makes it easier than ever for our customers to quickly acquire affordable boots to fit new hires or replacements.”

QuickFit style LEHI009 is ideal for most heavy industrial applications. The six-inch waterproof boots also feature 100 grams of 3M™ Thinsulate™ insulation and electrical hazard protection.

QuickFit style LEHI015 is an exceptional general-use boot. Made from real leather, the six-inch boot features electrical hazard protection along with a removable polyurethane footbed and PVC outsole for shock absorbtion and all-day comfort and support.

Shipping on any QuickFit order is free and FedEx next business day delivery is guaranteed on any order placed before 1 p.m. EST. (where service is applicable). $89.00 per pair is available on CustomFit Corporate Shoe Program sites only.

<a href="http://www.customfit.me/quickfit">CLICK HERE</a> To learn more about the Lehigh QuickFit collection.

Lehigh Outfitters is one of the largest providers and manufacturers of safety footwear in the industry selling both direct to the consumer and to businesses offering safety shoe programs. Owned and operated by Rocky Brands, Inc., out of Nelsonville, OH, the company was founded on the hard-working ingenuity of the Pennsylvania Lehigh Valley.
